Oadp 6250 mod docs - Configuring OADP on AWS (#95068)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-using-ca-certificates-with-velero-command.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-aws.adoc
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-azure.adoc
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-gcp.adoc
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-mcg.adoc
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-ocs.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-using-ca-certificates-with-velero-command-aliased-for-velero-deployment_{context}"]

> == Using CA certificates with the velero command aliased for Velero deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Using CA certificates with the velero command alias
```

The first heading should be H1
The heading can be shortened and the intro line can have those details -- Up to you

[role="_abstract"]
You might want to use the Velero CLI without installing it locally on your system by creating an alias for it.

.Prerequisites

* You must be logged in to the OpenShift Container Platform cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.
* You must have the OpenShift CLI (`oc`) installed.

.Procedure

> . To use an aliased Velero command, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To create an alias for the Velero command, run the following command:
```

Rephrased a little for clarity

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ alias velero='oc -n openshift-adp exec deployment/velero -c velero -it -- ./velero'
----

. Check that the alias is working by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
.Example
----
$ velero version
Client:
	Version: v1.12.1-OADP
	Git commit: -
Server:
	Version: v1.12.1-OADP
----

. To use a CA certificate with this command, you can add a certificate to the Velero deployment by running the following commands:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ CA_CERT=$(oc -n openshift-adp get dataprotectionapplications.oadp.openshift.io <dpa-name> -o jsonpath='{.spec.backupLocations[0].velero.objectStorage.caCert}')

$ [[ -n $CA_CERT ]] && echo "$CA_CERT" | base64 -d | oc exec -n openshift-adp -i deploy/velero -c velero -- bash -c "cat > /tmp/your-cacert.txt" || echo "DPA BSL has no caCert"
----
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ velero describe backup <backup_name> --details --cacert /tmp/<your_cacert>.txt

Reviewer: Use single command per code block: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#single-command-per-code-block
